Fixing GS guide and links (#2186)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Models/create-dependencies.md

Done. PASS=2 WARN=0 ERROR=0 SKIP=0 TOTAL=2
```

> To learn more about building a dbt project, we recommend you complete the [Getting Started guide](/docs/get-started/getting-started/set-up-dbt-cloud).

Reviewer: Should this one be pointing to the Cloud variant?
```suggestion
To learn more about building a dbt project, we recommend you complete the [Getting Started guide](/docs/get-started/getting-started/overview).
```
